welcome to please check out channel here
is Wilson from Chuggington the cane
we're gonna put some Disney Cars and
some promise our friend diecast toy
trains
all right viewers today our first engine
is gonna be Mike Mike is like jinx
Wilson man Mike and James have the same
color alright let's go ahead and put my
camera in one of the case here here you
can see Mike Dinoco like me Queen I love
it
let's go Ryan put it in the case we just
plug Dinoco you can see lots of garbage
on here on myspace like get cute huh
yeah don't worry they don't stink
you just put stuff on Matthews car later
we can go because of it
ha so let's go ahead and try to put the
antenna right here because it has more
space Meli from the keynote the railway
I like the color Amelia and I Nicole
Lightning McQueen family looks Danica
cheeky this goop Dinoco cheeks right
here now you might have noticed that the
I put all the Disney Cars on the bottom
this is stephen from king of
we just put him right there you can see
an awesome Disney Cars care leave a
comment if you know the name of this
character I believe this is from like
British England when they went to
England he was from one of those
characters okay he put that character
over there oh yeah from king of railway
I night it's different because of the
tender and it has a bearing on the
$10.00 my favorite thing is a rocket no
you know engine has rockets which one do
you which one you mean rocket Oh you
eating that's rockets
oh it says okay you know what I like
about it I like the barrel you know it
has tender you can see and the tender
comes with it and you don't have to buy
it separate so it's for one price you
can get both attention and you know
that's true you can take yeah now you
can see we're already done with the
first row and second row is empty we're
gonna feel that shine is cool fantastic
and awesome we're gonna put it right
over there dirty Lightning McQueen its
all-time favorite with muddy mud see
here you can see our favorite percy and
he can see some chocolate-covered Percy
it says Percy's sweet spacial look at
the top of Percy look at that
it's all covered with chocolate on top
of Percy Percy is the main delivery
engine of Sodor island very popular
engine
and you can see how we put Percy thumb's
another Disney curse character look at
that this white car with this red on the
top and black color on the bottom this
is not a very popular one I mean like
I'll say popular this is not a very
common one you don't see him a lot so
let me go ahead and put him and make
sure to leave a comment if you know the
name
and here comes Toby the tram engine of
Sodor island number seven tram engine of
Sodor island Toby
there goes Toby little colorful she
kicks here you can see she kicks of
Disney Cars as you can see here he has
numerous logos on his body looks like a
real racing car and look at these solder
iron works iron area of Thomas and
Friends shines like gold this how
littering shining engine we just have
one more to go
this is our last Disney Cars character
Luigi yeah that is really awesome hat I
like that signs over there Ferrari
science he's the owner of kids at Delta
tire shop our video works with impact
all right we are done putting all the
engines engines and Disney curves inside
with some case what's up checking it on
case what are you gonna do we're gonna
close it no we're not gonna close it why
we need to take a picture yeah alright
alright thank you viewers thank you for
watching this video please check out the
other video so please check out channel
see you again for Thomas and Friends and
Disney Cars toy please subscribe thank
you